privacy.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: "Privacy Policy"
---
<div class="header mt-md-5">
  <div class="header-body">
    <div class="row align-items-center">
      <div class="col">

        <!-- Pretitle -->

        <!-- Title -->
        <h1 class="header-title">
          Privacy Policy for Old Windsor Rifle & Pistol Club
        </h1>

      </div>
    </div> <!-- / .row -->

  </div>
</div>

At Old Windsor Rifle & Pistol Club (OWRPC), accessible from owrpc.co.uk, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by this site and how we use it.

If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.

## Log Files

OWRPC follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services' analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analysing trends, administering the site, tracking users' movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.

## Cookies and Web Beacons

Like any other website, OWRPC uses 'cookies'. These cookies are used to store information including visitors' preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimise the users' experience by customising our web page content based on visitors' browser type and/or other information.

## Advertising

We do not advertise on this site, however may display links to third party affiliates. All external links that take you outside of this site are clearly marked and you should consult to respective privacy policies of these third parties independently.

## Third Party Privacy Policies

Old Windsor Rifle & Pistol Club's Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options.

You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers' respective websites.

## Children's Information

Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.

OWRPC does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.

## Online Privacy Policy Only

This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in OWRPC. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.

## Consent

By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.

Commit message:

Privacy Policy update & add link in footer

privacy.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: "Privacy Policy"
---
<div class="header mt-md-5">
  <div class="header-body">
    <div class="row align-items-center">
      <div class="col">

        <!-- Pretitle -->

        <!-- Title -->
        <h1 class="header-title">
          Privacy Policy for Old Windsor Rifle & Pistol Club
        </h1>

      </div>
    </div> <!-- / .row -->

  </div>
</div>

# Summary

Your privacy is important to us. It is Old Windsor Rifle & Pistol Club's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our website, http://owrpc.co.uk, and other sites we own and operate.

We only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you. We collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used.

We only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested service. What data we store, we’ll protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorised access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.

We don’t share any personally identifying information publicly or with third-parties, except when required to by law. As a Home Office registered shooting club, we operate very closely with the Police and the NRA under a strict legal framework. Part of this includes routinely sharing the personal data of our members, trainees and applicants with these bodies, for the purposes of things like background checks and issuing of competency cards.

Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies.

You are free to refuse our request for your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services.

Your continued use of our website will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information. If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us.

This policy is effective as of 1 January 2020.

# More Information

## Log Files

OWRPC follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services' analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analysing trends, administering the site, tracking users' movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.

## Cookies and Web Beacons

Like any other website, OWRPC uses 'cookies'. These cookies are used to store information including visitors' preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimise the users' experience by customising our web page content based on visitors' browser type and/or other information.

## Advertising

We do not advertise on this site, however may display links to third party affiliates. All external links that take you outside of this site are clearly marked.

## Children's Information

Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.

OWRPC does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.

## Online Privacy Policy Only

This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in OWRPC. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
